RULES

Address(es): 4300 N. Knox Avenue, Chicago, IL 60641

Telephone: (773) 777-4494

Discovery Clothing Company, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (together, the “Company”), will conduct the Contest substantially as described in these rules, and by participating, each participant agrees as follows:

1. Description of Contest/Participation.

A. Dates of Contest: The Contest will begin on or about Monday, January 24, 2011 and end on or about Thursday, February 10, 2011.

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE ODDS OF WINNING. Void where prohibited. Odds of winning depend upon the number of participants.

B. How to Enter:
Enter by visiting the Company website at www.discoveryclothing.com and follow the contest links and complete the on-line registration form including Liking Discovery Clothing’s Facebook page and post your picture at www.facebook.com/DiscoveryClothingCompany. Deadline for registration is 11:59 p.m EST. on Thursday, February 10th, 2011. Valid contest entries must contain all information requested. Incomplete and/or multiple entries will be disqualified.

How to Win:

On or about Friday, February 11th, 2011 the Company will conduct a random selection from all eligible entries received. One (1) Grand Prize winner will be selected. Prize will include a free dinner for two and limo to and from dinner, in Chicago on Valentine's Day, plus a $250 Discovery gift card. Winners will be contacted from the information provided on the on line registration form. If the Company is unable to contact the winner with the information provided the Company reserves the right to select another winner at its sole discretion.

Prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for any other prize. All prizes must be redeemed within 60 days of the contest end date. No cash equivalent for prize will be awarded. Prize is nontransferable. If a winner cannot be contacted or is disqualified, the Company reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion.

3. Eligibility and Limitations. Participants and winner(s) must be U.S. residents, at least 16-years old, as determined by the Company, and reside in the Company’s Total Survey Area (TSA), as defined by Arbitron Inc. Unless otherwise stated above, only one (1) entry per person. Only one (1) prize per household for the Contest for any ninety (90) day period. Only one (1) prize per household. If the contest is open to minors, a parent or guardian of any participant who is a minor must sign a release on behalf of the minor to be eligible to receive a prize, however, the Company reserves the right to refuse to award a prize to any minor. Unless otherwise stated above, only one (1) entry per person. Only one (1) prize per household for the Contest for any thirty (30) day period. Employees of the Company, the Contest’s participating sponsors, Discovery Clothing and their advertising agencies, and members of the immediate family of any such persons are not eligible to participate and win. The term “immediate family” includes spouses, siblings, parents, children, grandparents, and grandchildren, whether as “in-laws,” or by current or past marriage(s), remarriage(s), adoption, co-habitation or other family extension, and any other persons residing at the same household whether or not related.

4. Publicity; Use of Personal Information. By participating, where allowed by law, all participants and winner(s) grant the Company exclusive permission to use their names, characters, photographs, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. By participating in the Contest, where allowed by law, participants agree that the Company may disclose personal information obtained from participants in the Contest to third parties and use such information for marketing and other purposes.

5. Taxes. Any valuation of the prize(s) stated above is based on available information provided to the Company, and the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. Each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes related to the prize(s) and paying any expenses associated with any prize which are not specifically provided for in the official rules. Each winner must provide the Company with valid identification and a valid taxpayer identification number or social security number before any prize will be awarded. Any person winning over $600 in prizes from the Company will receive an IRS form 1099 at the end of the calendar year and a copy of such form will be filed with the IRS.

6. Conduct and Decisions. By participating in the Contest, participants agree to be bound by the decisions of Company personnel. Persons who violate any rule, gain unfair advantage in participating in the Contest, or obtain winner status using fraudulent means will be disqualified. Unsportsmanlike, disruptive, annoying, harassing or threatening behavior is prohibited. The Company will interpret these rules and resolve any disputes, conflicting claims or ambiguities concerning the rules or the Contest and the Company’s decisions concerning such disputes shall be final. If the conduct or outcome of the Contest is affected by human error, any mechanical malfunctions or failures of any kind, intentional interference or any event beyond the control of the Company, the Company reserves the right to terminate this Contest, or make such other decisions regarding the outcome as the Company deems appropriate. All decisions will be made by the Company and are final. The Company may waive any of these rules in its sole discretion. Company also has the right to remove any images deemed inappropriate. ANY ATTEMPT BY A CONTESTANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY CIRCUMVENT, DISRUPT OR DAMAGE ORDINARY AND NORMAL OPERATION OF THIS CONTEST, TELEPHONE SYSTEMS OR WEBSITES, OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PARTICIPANT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

7. Miscellaneous. Each winner must submit proof of eligibility and sign the Company’s release form to claim the prize. The Company may substitute prizes, amend the rules or discontinue the Contest at any time as announced. The Company disclaims any responsibility to notify participants of any aspect related to the conduct of the Contest. All entries become the property of the Company and will not be returned. To be removed from our direct mail, email or fax lists, or send a self addressed stamped envelope with contest name to Discovery Clothing Company, 4300 N. Knox Ave. Chicago, IL 60641, Attn: Marketing.

8. Compliance with Law. The conduct of the Contest is governed by the applicable laws of the Unites States of America, which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. Company shall follow the applicable laws for conducting contests, including notice to the state attorney general or consumer affairs office, posting of a prize bond, furnishing lists of winners, running specific on-air disclaimers, providing specific written information about the Contest, etc. as required by local and state law.
